WELCOME ONE AND ALL TO "THE LATE
SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
HOW WAS EVERYONE'S WEEKEND?
HAVE A GOOD ONE?
MINE WAS GREAT.
I WAS DOWN IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
REALLY RELAXING.
NO INTERNET.
THEY DON'T HAVE IT THERE YET.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT I HEARD THERE WAS AN ARTICLE
ABOUT CBS CHAIRMAN AND MAN I
HOPE ISN'T WATCHING TONIGHT'S
MONOLOGUE, LES MOONVES.
( LAUGHTER )
WHERE WAS THE ARTICLE?
>> "THE NEW YORKER."
>> STEPHEN: QUALITY PUBLICATION.
WAS IT ONE OF THOSE CARTOONS?
TALK OF THE TOWN?
WAS IT A SHOUT OR A MURMUR?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, WHO WROTE
IT?
>> "THE NEW YORKER" ARTICLE BY
RONAN FARROW.
( LAUGHTER )
>> STEPHEN: THAT'S NOT GOOD.
( PIANO RIFF )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
RONAN ISN'T EXACTLY KNOWN FOR
HIS PUFF PIECES ABOUT GLAMPING.
OKAY, WELL, I GUESS WE'RE
TALKING ABOUT THIS SO, JIM?
>> SIX WOMEN WHO HAVE
PROFESSIONAL DEALINGS WITH HIM
, LESLES MOONVES,
TOLD ME THAT BETWEEN THE 1980S
AND THE LATE 2000S, MOONVES
SEXUALLY HARASSED THEM, FOUR
DESCRIBED FORCIBLE TOUCHING OR
KISSING IN BUSINESS MEETINGS IN
WHAT THEY SAID APPEARED TO BE A
PRACTICED ROUTINE.
>> STEPHEN: WELL, YOU KNOW THE
OLD SAYING: HOW DO YOU GET IN A
RONAN FARROW ARTICLE?
PRACTICE, PRACTICE, PRACTICE.
( LAUGHTER )
IS THIS JUST THIS AFTERNOON?
THIS HAPPENED MOMENTS AGO.
THIS CBS BOARD MET TODAY AND
ANNOUNCED THEY'RE IN THE PROCESS
OF HIRING OUTSIDE INVESTIGATORS.
I DON'T KNOW WHY THEY'RE
OUTSOURCING THIS, THEY COULD
JUST USE THE CAST OF THE NEW CBS
PROCEDURAL, "CSI: CEO."
( LAUGHTER )
I'LL HAVE MORE TO SAY ON THIS
LATER OVER THERE, ASSUMING WE
MAKE IT PAST THE COMMERCIAL
BREAK.
( LAUGHTER )
THERE'S ALSO ALLEGATIONS AGAINST
SOMEBODY I DON'T WORK FOR.
BECAUSE LAST WEEK WE LEARNED
THAT "KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE
ALLEGEDLY LEFT FOX NEWS AMID
ACCUSATIONS OF SEXUAL
MISCONDUCT."
SO THAT'S WHERE WE'RE AT.
YEAH.
THE BEST NEWS OF THE DAY IS THAT
WOMEN CAN ALSO BE GUILTY OF
SEXUAL HARASSMENT.
WHAT A TRAILBLAZER!
YOU GO, GIRL!
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
YOU GO!
SERIOUSLY, SERIOUSLY --
SERIOUSLY, YOU SHOULD GO.
( LAUGHTER )
ACCORDING TO MULTIPLE SOURCES AT
FOX NEWS, "GUILFOYLE'S BEHAVIOR
INCLUDED SHOWING PERSONAL
PHOTOGRAPHS OF MALE GENITALIA TO
COLLEAGUES AND IDENTIFYING WHOSE
GENITALS THEY WERE."
WHICH IS HORRIBLE WORKPLACE
BEHAVIOR AND ALSO THE LEAST
POPULAR EDITION OF THE BOARD
GAME, "GUESS WHO?"
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
EVER PLAY THAT?
>> Jon: NO, I DON'T MESS WITH
THAT ONE.
THAT'S ANOTHER VERSION.
>> Stephen: YEAH.
AND THIS STORY BECOMES WAY MORE
INTERESTING WHEN YOU KNOW THAT
GUILFOYLE IS CURRENTLY DATING
"PRESIDENTIAL SON AND MAN
REACTING TO HIS GIRLFRIEND'S
PHOTO COLLAGE, DONALD TRUMP,
JR."
WHICH MEANS, AND BRACE
YOURSELVES FOR THIS, THERE'S A
CHANCE GUILFOYLE WAS FORCING
PEOPLE TO LOOK AT DON'S...
JUNIOR.
( LAUGHTER )
I HEAR THE CARPET IS AS GELLED
AS THE DRAPES.
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
STRAIGHT -- STRAIGHT BACK.
BUT THE HUGE NEWS WAS THAT
MICHAEL COHEN CLAIMED THAT TRUMP
NOT ONLY KNEW IN ADVANCE ABOUT
THE INFAMOUS 2016 TRUMP TOWER
MEETING, BUT THAT HE ALSO
APPROVED GOING AHEAD WITH THE
MEETING.
WHAT A SHOCKER.
( LAUGHTER )
IT'S LIKE THE ENDING OF "THE
SIXTH SENSE" WHERE BRUCE WILLIS
FINALLY NOTICES HALEY JOEL
OSMENT'S "I'M WITH DEAD GUY"
SHIRT.
( LAUGHTER )
BECAUSE THIS WAS SO OBVIOUS,
IT'S THE COVER OF THIS WEEK'S
"IT'S EXACTLY WHAT YOU THOUGHT"
MAGAZINE.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT EVEN IF THIS IS OBVIOUS,
IT'S STILL A BIG DEAL.
THIS IS WHOLE BALL OF WAX,
BECAUSE THAT'S KNOWINGLY
RECEIVING HELP FROM A HOSTILE
FOREIGN POWER TO INFLUENCE OUR
ELECTION.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
YOU WERE A LITTLE LATE ON THAT,
BUT THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OF COURSE, INFORMATION MAKES
TRUMP MAD, AND THIS WEEKEND, HIS
THUMBS TOOK HIS ANGER OUT ON
TWITTER 'CAUSE HE CRANKED OUT 35
TWEETS.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
YEAH.
SO PROLIFIC.
HE'S THE STEPHEN KING OF THE
HORROR STORY WE LIVE IN.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
A LOT OF DIFFERENT SUBJECTS.
( APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
LOT OF DIFFERENT SUBJECTS, BUT
A LOT OF IT WAS CHAFF, LIKE
THIS:
"WOW, HIGHEST POLL NUMBERS IN
THE HISTORY OF THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY.
THAT INCLUDES HONEST ABE LINCOLN
AND RONALD REAGAN.
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING WRONG,
PLEASE RECHECK THAT POLL!"
OKAY, WE DID!
TURNS OUT, PRESIDENTIAL POLLING
DIDN'T START UNTIL 1935.
( LAUGHTER )
SO, OF COURSE, LINCOLN DID
BADLY.
WHO WANTS TO VOTE FOR A GUY
WHO'S BEEN DEAD FOR 70 YEARS?
ME, IF HE'S RUNNING AGAINST
TRUMP IN THE NEXT ELECTION.
DEAD ABE 2020: MAKE AMERICA
GRAVE AGAIN.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
TWEETS WEREN'T THE ONLY WAY
TRUMP FOUGHT BACK-- HE ALSO
UNLEASHED TRUMP ATTORNEY AND MAN
WATCHING THEM OPEN THE ARK OF
THE COVENANT, RUDY GIULIANI.
( LAUGHTER )
SO IT'S GIULIANI VERSUS COHEN,
AND AS ALISYN CAMEROTA POINTED
OUT TODAY ON CNN'S "NEW DAY"
TODAY, THIS FEUD IS A RECENT
DEVELOPMENT.
>> YOU HAD SAID NOT TWO MONTHS
AGO THAT MICHAEL COHEN WAS AN
HONEST AND HONORABLE MAN.
NOW YOU'RE SAYING HE'S A
PATHOLOGICAL LIAR?
HOW IS IT?
>> WELL, THAT'S ABOUT AS UNFAIR
AS YOU CAN SAY.
HOW DID I KNOW HE WAS A LAWYER
TAPING HIS CLIENT?
YOU TELL ME A LAWYER IS TAPING
HIS CLIENT, I GOTTA SAY SORRY, I
MADE A MISTAKE, THE GUY IS
UNETHICAL, HE'S A SCUMBAG, HE'S
A HORRIBLE PERSON.
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF A LAWYER
TAPING HIS CLIENT WITHOUT THE
CLIENT'S CONSENT.
>> WHAT DOES THAT SAY ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT'S JUDGMENT?
>> HE MADE-- HE TURNED OUT TO
HAVE A CLOSE FRIEND BETRAY HIM,
LIKE IAGO BETRAYED OTHELLO, AND
BRUTUS PUT THE LAST KNIFE INTO
CAESAR.
>> STEPHEN: THAT'S A PRETTY
LOFTY COMPARISON.
( LAUGHTER )
THIS ISN'T SHAKESPEAREAN
BETRAYAL.
THIS ISN'T EVEN THAT EPISODE OF
"JERSEY SHORE" WHERE SNOOKI AND
JWOWW WROTE THE NOTE TO SAMMI
TELLING HER THAT RON CHEATED
THAT NIGHT AFTER THEY HAD A
FIGHT AT "KLUTCH."
( APPLAUSE )
IS WHATT SAYS HERE.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
THEN THEY WENT ON TO COVER THE
PRESIDENT'S WEEKEND RAGE-TWEETS.
>> IS ROBERT MUELLER EVER GOING
TO RELEASE HIS CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST WITH RESPECT TO
PRESIDENT TRUMP, INCLUDING THE
FACT WE HAD A VERY NASTY AND
CONTENTIOUS BUSINESS
RELATIONSHIP?
WHAT'S HE REFERRING TO?
WHAT IS IT?
>> BUT THAT'S UP TO THE
PRESIDENT AND MUELLER TO
DESCRIBE, NOT PART OF MY LEGAL
REPRESENTATION.
>> WAIT A MINUTE, THIS DOESN'T
MAKE SENSE.
HOW CAN THE PRESIDENT MAKE THIS
CLAIM AND NOT SUPPORT IT?
>> BECAUSE HE DOESN'T HAVE TO.
>> WHY IS IT UP TO ROBERT
MUELLER TO SUPPORT THE
PRESIDENT'S TWEET?
>> BECAUSE HE HAS THE CONFLICT,
NOT THE PRESIDENT.
>> STEPHEN: YES, IF SOMEONE
STARTS A RUMOR ABOUT YOU, IT'S
"YOUR RESPONSIBILITY" TO ADDRESS
THAT RUMOR.
LIKE IF I SAY RUDY GIULIANI HAS
SEX WITH UNDERAGE GOATS, IT'S UP
TO HIM TO PROVE ME WRONG.
RELEASE THE TAPES OF YOU NOT
HAVING SEX WITH GOATS, RUDY!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
RELEASE THE TAPES!
( AUDIENCE CHANTING )
>> Stephen: THAT'S GOOD.
WE'VE MADE OUR POINT.
AT A CERTAIN POINT, GIULIANI HAD
HAD ENOUGH OF THESE QUESTIONS
ABOUT THINGS THAT HE SAID, AND
HE SAW HIS CHANCE TO EXIT.
>> HOLD THAT THOUGHT, MR.
MAYOR--
>> NO, NO, I'M GOING TO LEAVE
AFTER THIS ONE.
>> WE'VE SCARED YOU AWAY?
>> OH, YEAH, YOU SCARED ME AWAY.
I LOOK REALLY SCARED.
NO, IT'S STARTING TO GET
USELESS.
THE CONVERSATION IS STARTING TO
GET REALLY, REALLY PETTY AND
SILLY.
>> REMEMBER WHEN YOU SAID THAT
YOU WOULD STAY ALL DAY TO TALK
ABOUT THIS.
>> OKAY, I'LL STAY ONE MORE TIME
BUT YOU'VE GOT TO GIVE ME SOME
COFFEE.
>> OKAY, GOT IT.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
COFFEE COMING UP.
( LAUGHTER )
>> STEPHEN: WAIT THAT'S ALL IT
TAKES TO RENT RUDY GIULIANI?
"THIS IS AN OUTRAGE AND A SHAM.
HAVE YOU NO DECENCY?
OH, IS THAT A LATTE?
I'M STICKING AROUND."
( LAUGHTER )
AND GIULIANI ALSO UNVEILED
WHAT'S SURE TO BE AN AIRTIGHT
DEFENSE FOR HIS CLIENT.
>> THEY ARE NOT GOING TO BE
COLLUDING ABOUT RUSSIANS, WHICH
I'M NOT EVEN KNOW IF THAT'S A
CRIME, COLLUDING ABOUT RUSSIANS.
>> STEPHEN: "I DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF THAT'S A CRIME?"
( LAUGHTER )
YOU'RE HIS LAWYER, YOU'RE
SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT THE LAW
IS.
( LAUGHTER )
THAT'S LIKE YOUR DOCTOR GOING:
"I DON'T EVEN KNOW IF THAT'S A
DISEASE: BLEEDING FROM YOUR
EYEBALLS."
"I DON'T KNOW, WHO KNOWS?"
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AND HE WENT ON -- EYEBALL
BLEEDING, I DON'T KNOW.
AND HE WENT ON TO DESCRIBE THE
REAL CRIME.
>> YOU START ANALYZING THE
CRIME.
THE HACKING IS THE CRIME.
>> THAT CERTAINLY IS THE
ORIGINAL PROBLEM, YES.
>> WELL, THE PRESIDENT DIDN'T
HACK!
>> OF COURSE NOT, THAT'S THE
ORIGINAL PROBLEM.
>> HE DIDN'T PAY THEM FOR
HACKING.
>> STEPHEN: YES, HE DIDN'T PAY
THEM FOR HACKING.
AND I HOPE HE'S NOT PAYING YOU
FOR LAWYERING, EITHER.
( LAUGHTER )
HOLD ON A SECOND --
BESIDES, DO WE KNOW HE DIDN'T DO
THE HACK?
DO WE HAVE A DESCRIPTION OF THE
HACKER?
>> IT ALSO COULD BE SOMEBODY
SITTING ON THEIR BED THAT WEIGHS
400 POUNDS, OKAY?
>> STEPHEN: OKAY, SO HE COULD'VE
DONE IT.
IT'S POSSIBLE.
( APPLAUSE )
( CHEERING )
239.
>> Jon: 239, HUH?
>> Stephen: AND IT TURNS OUT
THAT "COLLUSION IS NOT A CRIME"
IS THE SONG OF THE SUMMER
BECAUSE WE'RE HEARING A LOT OF
IT ALL OF A SUDDEN.
>> I HAVE BEEN SITTING HERE
LOOKING AT THE FEDERAL CODE
TRYING TO FIND COLLUSION AS A
CRIME.
>> IT'S NOT.
COLLUSION IS NOT A CRIME.
>> WE'VE DISCUSSED THIS BEFORE,
>> AND COLLUSION IS NOT A CRIME.
>> THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS
COLLUSION IS NOT A CRIME.
>> STEPHEN: WOW, THEY ARE REALLY
MOVING THE GOALPOSTS ON THIS.
FIRST, IT WAS "RUSSIA DIDN'T
INTERFERE IN THE ELECTION."
THEN IT WAS "OKAY, THEY DID, BUT
NOBODY ON THE TRUMP TEAM MET
WITH THEM."
THEN IT WAS, "OKAY, THEY DID,
BUT IT WAS JUST ABOUT
ADOPTIONS."
THEN IT WAS "OKAY, THEY OFFERED
US DIRT ON HILLARY, BUT THERE
WAS NO COLLUSION."
AND NOW WE'RE AT "COLLUSION IS
NOT A CRIME."
WHAT'S NEXT?
"OKAY, COLLUSION'S A CRIME, BUT
IT'S JUST A LITTLE CRIME."
AND THEN IT'LL BE, "SINCE WHEN
ARE CRIMES ILLEGAL?"
( LAUGHTER )
"IF CRIMES ARE ILLEGAL, TAKE ME
AWAY."
OH, OKAY!
( PIANO RIFF )
( APPLAUSE )
SO, WE KNEW ABOUT THE MEETING AT
TRUMP TOWER WITH DON, JR AND THE
RUSSIANS, AND THE MEETING COHEN
CLAIMS TOOK PLACE WHERE DON, JR
GOT HIS DAD'S APPROVAL FOR THE
RUSSIA MEETING.
BUT TODAY, RUDY ACCIDENTALLY
REVEALED A THIRD MEETING WE'VE
NEVER HEARD ABOUT BEFORE.
>> COHEN ALSO NOW SAYS THAT-- HE
SAYS TOO MUCH-- THAT TWO DAYS
BEFORE HE WAS PARTICIPATING IN A
MEETING WITH ROUGHLY THE SAME
GROUP OF PEOPLE, BUT NOT THE
PRESIDENT, DEFINITELY NOT THE
PRESIDENT-- IN WHICH THEY WERE
TALKING ABOUT THE STRATEGY OF
THE MEETING WITH THE RUSSIANS.
>> STEPHEN: SO ACCORDING TO
GIULIANI, MICHAEL COHEN SAYS
THAT TWO DAYS BEFORE THE TRUMP
TOWER MEETING WITH RUSSIANS,
THERE WAS A STRATEGY MEETING,
WHICH THEY PROBABLY SHOULD'VE
HAD BEFORE THEY HIRED RUDY
GIULIANI.
BECAUSE, THERE'S NO INDICATION
THIS PLANNING MEETING WAS PUBLIC
KNOWLEDGE BEFORE GIULIANI
BROUGHT IT UP ON-AIR.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
IN OTHER WORDS -- SURPRISE!
IN OTHER WORDS, HE'S BRINGING
SOMETHING UP JUST TO TELL YOU
HIS CLIENT ISN'T GUILTY OF IT.
( LAUGHTER )
"THAT BODY THAT NO ONE'S FOUND
IN THE CREEK?
THE PRESIDENT DEFINITELY DIDN'T
PUT IT THERE."
HE'S JUST GIVING AWAY DAMAGING
INFORMATION!
HE'S GOING TO BE THE FIRST
LAWYER EVER TO HAVE TO TREAT
HIMSELF AS A HOSTILE WITNESS.
NOW, RUDY SEEMED TO REALIZE THAT
HE HAD MADE A LEGAL
OOPS-A-COLLUSION, SO HE WENT ON
FOX NEWS TO TRY TO EXPLAIN...
SOMETHING.
>> WHY ARE YOU SAYING THAT THE
PRESIDENT WASN'T AT THE MEETING?
I UNDERSTAND THOSE TWO MEETINGS
THAT YOU JUST SET OUT THERE, BUT
THAT DOESN'T EXPLAIN WHY YOU'RE
SAYING.
WHO ASKED IF HE WAS THERE?
NO ONE ASKED IF HE WAS THERE.
>> COHEN IS ALLEGING THE MEETING
TOOK PLACE AND WE ARE MAKING IT
CLEAR THAT THE PRESIDENT WAS NOT
AT THAT MEETING.
NEVER TOOK PLACE.
(CROSSTALK)
DIDN'T HAPPEN.
>> GOT IT.
>> STEPHEN: SO THE PRESIDENT WAS
NOT AT THE MEETING THAT DIDN'T
HAPPEN.
( LAUGHTER )
WHICH MEANS IT HAPPENED AND HE
CALLED THE MEETING.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT WHY ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
IT?
>> WE HEARD YOU SAY TODAY WAS
THE PRESIDENT WAS NOT AT THAT
MEETING.
THAT ACTUALLY TAKES ON A
QUESTION THAT HAS NOT BEEN ASKED
OR EVEN SUGGESTED.
SO WHY DID YOU SAY THAT?
>> BECAUSE THERE ARE TWO
DIFFERENT MEETINGS.
THERE WAS ANOTHER MEETING THAT
HAS BEEN LEAKED THAT HASN'T BEEN
PUBLIC YET.
( LAUGHTER )
>> STEPHEN: I THINK I FOUND THE
LEAKER!